c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\Clinic.dll.config
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\Clinic.dll
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\Clinic.pdb
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\obj\Release\Clinic.dll
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\obj\Release\Clinic.pdb
c:\users\hanka\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\obj\Release\Clinic.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\hanka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\hanka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\hanka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\hanka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\hanka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\hanka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\hanka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\hanka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
C:\Users\hanka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
C:\Users\hanka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\hanka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\hanka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\hanka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\hanka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
C:\Users\hanka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
C:\Users\hanka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\hanka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\hanka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\hanka\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Clinic\Clinic\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
